It is observed that the stock prices are heavily influenced by the quarterly earnings, however that causes a gap up or gap down, at the start of the trading session. This leads to huge volatility within the first 5-15 mins of the trading session as everyone wants to take the trade. The problem comes, when this surge causes imbalance, so the reverse trade mostly happens within 15 mins or it might not happen. so, it is not easy to take trade. For example, ICICI bank trade surged quickly within 5 mins on the next trading session when the quarterly earning shows 12% profit in july 25. The problem is, within 5 mins, the gap up and surge caused too much imbalance, which then lead it to fall down after 15 mins, which is an issue, because it will be harder to trade.
on quarterly losses, multiple day stock fall has been observed, for natcopharma feb it was observed, but the it requires paid data to look into details on that particular day, as it is very far back in data.
More trades needs to be observed, also we need to see if short has any advantage of short over long. The short or panic selling happens very fast compared to long.
Other news, have little effect over the next day outcome, I have observed that it is very important to predict the direct of NIFTY and BANKNIFTY for the market, because, other stocks just follow the direction in varied magnitude. So, it is important to predict the NIFTY and BannkNIFTY for the next day. Based on the next day predoiction the direction of the trade should be determine. Fore example: if the NIFTY and BANKNIFTY is bullish, then trade long on the positive news of stocks, and vice versa.
On top of that, we can combine the indicators, such as RSI oversold or overbought, then MACD and others which we can give score.
In short, Stock market is like a fourier series, which are made out of multiple factors, and if not one. So news, speculation, fundamentals, price action, rumours, sector performance, global market, indicator. All these schools of traders are playing on the ground, so it is not a levelled ground, we need to go with the majority. All this won't give you edge more than 65% of the time, so instead of perfecting the game, play with statistics, kelly criteria to size the position and strict stop losses.